PEP 736: Add 'How to Teach This' (#3838)
python/peps: peps/pep-0736.rst

How to Teach This
=================

Keen Python developers will likely hear about this feature through typical
information channels, such as newsboards, social media, mailing lists, online
forums,  or word of mouth. Many more will encounter this feature while reading
code and noting the omission of the value in a keyword argument at invocation,
violating their expectations. We should ensure such developers have easy access
to documentation that explains the semantics of this feature and that this
documentation is easy to find when searching.
For example, the
`Python Glossary <https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html#term-argument>`__ and
`Tutorial <https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/controlflow.html#keyword-arguments>`__
may be updated accordingly and reasonable keywords may be used to help with
search discoverability.
`A StackOverflow question <https://stackoverflow.blog/2011/07/01/its-ok-to-ask-and-answer-your-own-questions/>`__
could be written to help explain this feature to those searching for an
explanation.
To ease the communication of and search for this feature, it may also be
valuable to provide this feature with a name, such as 'abbreviated keyword

> arguments'.

Reviewer: "keyword argument shorthand"?

Newer Python programmers may learn about this feature as an optional abbreviated
syntax where keyword arguments are taught, such as in tutorials or classrooms.
A teacher may explain this feature as, "where you see an argument followed by an
equals sign, such as ``f(x=)``, this represents a keyword argument where the
name of the argument and its value are the same. This can be written
equivalently in the expanded notation, ``f(x=x)``." Depending on a student's
background, a teacher might further compare this to equivalent syntax in other
languages or Python's f-string syntax ``f"{x=}"``.

> To understand this, a student of Python would need to be familiar with the

Reviewer: Is this meant to be a paragraph break?

  indicates that this is the most popular syntax among those proposed.

How to Teach This
=================

Keen Python developers will likely hear about this feature through typical
information channels, such as newsboards, social media, mailing lists, online
forums, or word of mouth. Many more will encounter this feature while reading
code and noting the omission of the value in a keyword argument at invocation,
violating their expectations. We should ensure such developers have easy access
to documentation that explains the semantics of this feature and that this
documentation is easy to find when searching. For example, the
`Python Glossary <https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html#term-argument>`__ and
`Tutorial <https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/controlflow.html#keyword-arguments>`__
may be updated accordingly and reasonable keywords may be used to help with
search discoverability.
`A StackOverflow question <https://stackoverflow.blog/2011/07/01/its-ok-to-ask-and-answer-your-own-questions/>`__
could be written to help explain this feature to those searching for an
explanation.

> To ease the communication of and search for this feature, it may also be

Reviewer 2: Let's make this the first paragraph of the How to Teach This section. I like how you called out giving a name to reference.

valuable to provide this feature with a name, such as 'keyword argument
shorthand'.

> Newer Python programmers may learn about this feature as an optional abbreviated

Reviewer 2: Let's remove the first sentence and start the paragraph with "A teacher..."

syntax where keyword arguments are taught, such as in tutorials or classrooms.
A teacher may explain this feature as, "where you see an argument followed by an
equals sign, such as ``f(x=)``, this represents a keyword argument where the
name of the argument and its value are the same. This can be written
equivalently in the expanded notation, ``f(x=x)``." Depending on a student's
background, a teacher might further compare this to equivalent syntax in other
languages or Python's f-string syntax ``f"{x=}"``.

To understand this, a student of Python would need to be familiar with the
basics of functions in addition to the existing keyword argument syntax.

> Given that this feature is a very simple syntactic sugar, it is reasonable that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Given that this feature is syntactic sugar, it is reasonable that
```

Author: I'm not sure I fully agree here. If the syntactic sugar were complex, I can see how this expectation may be unreasonable. E.g. the use of `super()` in `__init__` (PEP 3135)

Reviewer 2: A fair perspective @joshuabambrick, and thanks for making the other changes. I was hoping to avoid the phrase "very simple" since in teaching it can be somewhat dismissive if someone doesn't understand something. I would be fine with removing "very" or replacing with "uncomplicated" or "straightforward".

Author: Replaced with 'relatively straightforward'. Let me know of any objections

* Jump to the argument in the function definition if the caret/cursor is on the
  argument
* Jump to the definition of the elided variable if the caret/cursor is on the
  character following the ``=`` in our proposed syntax

Another, potentially complementary, option would be to expand the syntax
visually on mouseover and enable a ``Ctrl+Click`` (or ``Cmd+Click``) to the
definition of the variable.

Highlighting other references
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

> A common IDE feature is to highlight other references in the code to the same

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IDEs frequently highlight matching code references to the
```

> value as that at the current caret/cursor position. With this shorthand syntax,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
value at the current caret/cursor position. With this shorthand syntax,
```

> when the caret/cursor  is on the argument name it may be valuable to either:

Reviewer 3: TODO: fix double space
